Document:
System Requirement Specification Document (SRS)

Topic-Vijay Sales  Electronics shop

Client:distributer,vendors,buyer

Parameters=
sellers,customers,vendors,supplies,distrubitor,manager,delivary tracking,
payment gateway, application,quantity,discount

terms=
Direct Customer,Indirect Customer,Software Architect,
Quality Assurance,Quality Insurance,Manufacturing Resources plannig,Manufacturing
Rating price,Actions.




Objectives=
VijaySales is designed to connect distributer,vendors and 
achitechts on a single plateform. It will help distributer venders
 and buyers to do efficient bussiness.
To efficiently perform whole opertions, manage all organisation in proper mannner
not only manage shopping site but also



scope:For organisation we create responsive website  that can perform multiple
operation simultaneously.our project perform different tasks first signup 
and signIn then in navbar buy,sell,types of products,customer care,complaint
,tracking ,order,products ,payment,history and many more actions are there.
The vijaysales will be assist the distributer,vendors,buyer to perrform
 tasks, and easy tracking of sales & ongoing transactions.
The VijaySales app will help distributors, vendors, and buyers do 
things like managing products, placing orders, keeping track of their 
orders, and making payments. This app will work on both Android and iOS device
we create wholly electrnics product sale website.


Functional Requirements:

According parameters mention above we create vijay sales electronics website.
there were many functionality available in this. this system totally manage 
under manager. manager have rights to change any. sellers can sell products in 
this site.customer can buy any products in available in this site they search 
in the search bar and type any one products like TV,Mobiles,AC,etc they show all 
types of products according to there choice we also add filters to manage types,
colors,Prices of product with the help of JS. how many quantity you want this 
operations also there. in navbar products, orders,customer care,account and 
order history parameter are available in products vijay sales add no of types of
products like ac,tv,mobile,refrigerator,washing m/c,smart watch,alexa and many 
more. you can click on any one ie mobile all types of mobile phone are available
not only companywise but also price wise  we can search it. after chosssen mob
we add  this to cart then type address, and online payment methods like phonepay,
gpay,bhim app finally after payment we received invoice details on registered mob
no or email ,customers also track there order with the help of track option .
this electronics site we create with the help of html,css,js,and sql db . and you 
return order within 5 days also available. this site available 24 hrs.

   Users must register and log in to access the app.
Distributors must be approved by the admin before they can use the app.
Distributors can add, edit, and delete products.
Products should have attributes such as name, description, price, and images.
Vendors can place orders for products from Distributors.
Orders can be edited and canceled by Vendors as long as they are not processed.
Distributors can process and manage orders.
The application will integrate with secure payment gateways for Vendor and Buyer payments.
The application will load quickly and respond promptly to user actions.
It should handle a large number of concurrent users.



Non Functional Requirements:

Security--

only login clinets handle there website or  2step verification also there.
login can change there details only twice a day for security purpose
only manager and their organisation can check the detaisl of all clinets 
to what products they want
each customers will access the system through a authentication process.


Reliablilty=


The app should be reliable, with minimal downtime or system failures.
During peak hours, the system will maintain the same user experience by managing load balancing.
It consistently performs the given tasks without failure.  

Users must register and log in to access the app.
Distributors must be approved by the admin before they can use the app.
Distributors can add, edit, and delete products.
Products should have attributes such as name, description, price, and images.
Vendors can place orders for products from Distributors.
Orders can be edited and canceled by Vendors as long as they are not processed.
Distributors can process and manage orders.



Scalability

The app should be designed to scale, accommodating an increasing number of users and data.
The software supports growing amounts of data.
The software will handle increased workloads while adding and removing users with minimal cost impact.

Safety

The system will be safe from malicious attacks.
The app should implement safety measures to protect user data and ensure secure payment processing.
Business data will be backed up periodically to ensure the safety of the data using an incremental backup strategy.
Role-based security will be applied for application data and operations accessibility.






