Document: 

System Requirement Specification Document (SRS)
Client: Organiser, Artist, Customer

Team:

Direct Customer,Indirect Customer, Software Architect,
Quality Assurance, Business Analyst.


Objective (purpose):

The BeatsUp system is designed to connect organisers and artists on a single platform. It will help organizers to
connect with artists online and get fresh talent easily for their shows. Talented artists can register and request
that the organisers allow them to perform in their shoes. Artists will get a chance to perform in shows; they need not struggle for
opportunity. Users (viewers) can easily book the tickets for the shows, as published by the organizers, and rate the event.

Scope:

The organiser will be able to organise events and find better artists who can participate in a particular event. The organiser will be able to approve or reject requests raised by an artist. Artists will be able to find the event's advertisements and can apply for event participation. They can update their profile for an event and will be able to view other artists' profiles. They will get confirmation from the organiser of the event they requested. Once an artist has been approved, the organiser can reject him or her within 24 hours. Users will be able to see the recent events, book an event, and add reviews.BeatsUp system will be operational 24 hours, 7 days for all actors.


Functional Requirements:
	
Any anonymous user will be able to view the upcoming events posted by the organizer. The user can also view the details of previously organised events. Registered users will be able to book tickets for an upcoming event. The organiser can view the booking details of registered users. The user will be able to add a review for the particular event or for any artist.

Artists will be able to request to participate in an event that is posted by the organizer. The organiser will have the authority to approve or reject artist requests to perform at a specific event.Artists will be able to update their profiles. Artists can also view the details of other artists' profiles. If the organiser approves the request, the artist will be notified well in advance of a specific event to be organised by the organizer.

Organiser will be able to approve or reject the request from the artist. Organiser will be able to post or update the details of forthcoming events. Organiser will be able to generate tickets for finalised events which can be booked by registered user.
Organiser will be able to manage the booking details.

Registration of users, artists, and organisers will be available in the system. Registered users can book tickets, registered artists can apply for event participation, and registered organisers will be able to publish details of events.

Event details can be published by the organizer. Artists can request that the organiser allow them to participate in a particular event. A registered user can view the details of the event and book tickets for an event.Organized events can also be rated by registered users.

Tickets can be generated by the organiser for any particular event. The user can book tickets according to the event published by the organiser. The organiser will be able to view and manage ticket booking details. Registered users can cancel tickets within 24 hours.

The system will present dashboards for organisers, artists, and users. The dashboard will display information in the form of graphs, key performance indicators, and grid data. The user dashboard will allow them to access event-related information.
Organizers will be able to track their events being organised through the BeatsUp System.

Non Functional Requirements:

Security

Only registered artists can view event information.
Only the organiser can check the details of all customers and artists.
Each user will access the system through an authentication process.
The system will provide access to the content and operations using role-based security (authorization).
Stakeholders will take care of the threats facing a system in order to build defences against them.
For inactive stakeholders, the system will block operations and redirect to the authentication page.
Internally, the system will keep a secure communication channel open between servers (web servers, app servers, database servers).
Sensitive data will always be encrypted across communications.
Use a proper firewall to protect servers from outside, vulnerable attacks.
The access permission for system data may only be changed by System's data administrator. 

Realiablilty

The system will backup business data on a regular basis and recover in a short time to keep the system operational. Continous updates are maintained, and continuous administration is done to keep the system operational.
During peak hours, the system will maintain the same user experience by managing load balancing.
It consistently performs the given tasks without failure.  

Availablity

The information will be available to access and use all the time, with reliable access. Certainly, it must be true for those with access rights.


Maintainability

Software maintenance will be done when the customer demands new features and functions in the software.
When the system's hardware is upgraded, the software is updated as well.
A commercial database software will be used to maintain system data persistence.
Separate environments will be maintained for system isolation in production, testing, and development.

Portability

The software will be easily moved from one computing environment to another. They include portable versions of regular applications such as browsers.
The system will provide portable user interfaces (HTML, CSS, and JS) for users to access the portal.
The system can be deployed to single or multiple servers, any operating system, and the cloud (Azure, AWS, or GCP).

Durability

The system will retain information about users for a relatively longer time.
software will allow an organisation to adjust the software to business needs that are constantly evolving, often in impulsive ways.

Modularity

System will be designed and developed using reusable, independent or dependent business senarios in the form of modules. These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive.
System will contain event processing, ticket booking, CRM, membership and Roles managment modules. 

Efficiency

On Concert Level events and Celebrity Level events, the maximum number of users will book for an event and view the event information with the same response time. The user will be able to see the event updates, like videos and songs, at the same speed.

Scalability

Regardless of load, the system will be able to provide a consistent user experience to stakeholders and visitors.
The software will handle increased workloads while adding and removing users with minimal cost impact.
The software supports growing amounts of data.

Safety

The system will enforce some rules by implementing access control rules in a central, server-side management library to decide who needs what access to which data and to which features.
The system will be safe from malicious attacks.
System functionalities are protected from the outside with proper firewall configuration.
Business data will be backed up periodically to ensure the safety of the data using an incremental backup strategy.
Role-based security will be applied for application data and operations accessibility.